

Time spent printing Student Reports drastically reduced by using Print
Conductor Software

® Avoids any issues resulting from merging multiple documents to a single PDF file
® Full printer options available: double sided printing allowing for more economic use of paper
® Easy to use interface for staff members, minimal IT support required

Reducing the time Spent Printing Microsoft Office Documents: 400+ Individual Student Report
Word Documents Required to be printed.

‘The school receptionist was sent a printing job by a Teacher with the following specification:

o print out all of the files contained within multiple folders, double sided on green paper.
* additional copy of each, on white, for office use.

IT support was tasked with finding a solution that was more efficiént than manually opening and sending each
document to be printed. Several solutions were explored:

Using windows explorer to select multiple documents>right clicksprint
“This option still required each document to be opened by the user’s PCand confirmation boxes to be selected.

Merging all documents to a single PDF
Not all the documents contained an even number of pages, which Would cause issues for double sided printing.
PDF file size would have also been an issue requiring multiple documents to have been created.

Print Conductor

Provided an easy to use interface, with folder import feature allowing the correct folders to be selected and sent
to the printer. Allowed access to full printer Settings for preferred print finish. Only manual changing of paper
colour required.

Print Conductor provides allthe features required to efficiently automate the
proces$ of batch printing multiple files. Easy to install and incorporate into the
work flowigf,the school.

Print Conductor is now installed as a permanent solution for our school's receptionist to efficiently batch print any
requests from staff using the school's main photocopier. This allows time to be freed up for other daily essential
tasks.

 
